Amazon.com Wishlist on Facebook Platform
Published on June 12, 2007.
So I had the idea like two days ago to do an Amazon.com wishlist app for the newly opened Facebook Platform.
I hadn’t done anything with either the platform or Amazon.com’s API, so I had a bit of looking up to do.
Still, I finished in about two days.
Well, “finished” sort of, since I’ll be out of town for a week and I won’t be able to work on the thing until after that.
The rest of the functionality shouldn’t be too hard though.
It’s a pretty simple app.
Facebook’s API is pretty cool, but also kind of frustrating.
There’s still a lot of limitations, but I guess I can understand those since it’s basically to keep Facebook from turning into Myspace.
The API is somewhat well documented, but there’s a lot of bugs.
Also, the developer forums seem to have about 80% script kids, and 20% actual developers.
I think the saying “RTFM” should be changed to “RTFAPID” (Read The Friendly API Docs).
So yeah, if you have a Facebook account and an Amazon.com wishlist, try the app out and tell me what you think.